Hibernate:
	Object Relational Mapping framework
	Data layer
	Model	(in MVC)
		is any code that defines data or access data	
		Entity class		defines the data	
		DAO			access the data	like storing, retrieving

	can be used in any type of project
		console, web, mobile application

	first we should learn to use hibernate in console application		(stand alone)	main method
	
1) configuration	xml file
	named usually as
		hibernate.cfg.xml	

	this xml file contains the information required to connect with a database
		Driver name
		url
		user name
		password
	these information are common for any queries we do run in the database. the query contains table name

2) Entity classes
	A java class that maps to table(s) is Entity class
	last time, we used @Entity annotation and other annotations like @Id, @GeneratedValue, etc

3) 	we are going to do the same using xml configuration file now, called as hbm file	(hibernate mapping)
		engineer.hbm.xml		could be a meaningful name of this file

	for each entity class, we required one hbm file	(this is alternative for annotation)

 
4) in hibernate.cfg.xml file we need to declare the hbm file names. This is one method. other methods are also there

5) we need to login to the database server. This is called as session.
	session can be opened using session builder factory. session builder factory can be obtained from configuration

6) using session, we can persist the objects or obtain the objects and even commit or rollback transactions.



templates for :
1) hibernate.cfg.xml
2) engineer.hbm.xml


open session itself is logging into the server. But we did not get error because, hibernate is smart. Only when changes are discovered, it will attempt to connect.



1) when we supply other values but not for primary key (auto generate specified), it understands that we are adding a new row.
2) but when we supply primary key value also, it understands that we try to update the existing record. 


What is detached entity?
	an object which is not sync with the db is a detached entity

suppose, if we find an object from the db, it is sync with a row in the db. It is managed entity
	

1) for adding new objects to the db
	persist	(	do not supply primary key for auto generated	)
	save	(	returns the id generated	)
2) for updation,
	find the object and update the values and persist

3) for deletion,
	


interface EngineerDao
class EngineerDaoImpl implements EngineerDao

